docs: add warning about `definePageMeta` issues with transitions and `NuxtLoadingIndicator` (#9055)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/1.docs/1.getting-started/5.transitions.md

})
```

::alert{type=warning}

> If you are using `definePageMeta` to handle dynamic layouts, the page transitions on this page will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are changing layouts as well as page, the page transition you set here will not run. Instead, you should set a layout transition.
```
